# Simple Lumen OpenApi implementation using swagger.

## Installation

To set up this project, simply run composer install.

## Development

This project comes with a lightly-modified implementation of swagger. It is versioned under the `swagger/` directory.
Open swagger/index.html to have it pull down the latest open API documentation on the project.

The swagger docs are generated by the PHP annotations on the controller actions that are converted into lumen routes.
In development these are re-scanned on every request. In production they are cached.

### Updating swagger

Simply download swagger-ui-dist from npm,
replace the swagger directory with it and change the URI from the petstore demo to /open-api.json.

### Directory structure

- The app directory contains the laravel/lumen application code.
- The config directory contains the laravel/lumen config.
- The lib directory contains the framework-agnostic application code (this should be unit tested).
- The public directory contains the index.php file.
- The swagger directory contains swagger-ui. This should not go underneath the public directory for security purposes.
- The test/app directory contains the end-to-end application tests (lumen and the framework agnostic code).
- The test/lib directory contains the unit tests for the framework agnostic code (should be written with TDD).
- The var directory contains daily log files, and the routing cache (used in production to avoid re-scanning the open API annotation on every request).
